hi guys I'm in my living room with
Brooklyn and I'm going to be changing
her putting her down for a nap she has
her juice bottle she is so tired and
Brooklyn is anatomically correct so if
anybody accidentally sees little girly
parts little baby parts and you don't
want to see those then just don't watch
the video
damn why she's such a sneaky little girl
I love this little outfit but I'm gonna
be putting her little wolpert on her we
got earlier so cute
a little purple bows give your diaper
changed and I will put this little blue
jean dapper honor a little peace sign on
the back so good
now we had a big day at the waterpark
yeah like I said I wish I could have
recorded but so crowded some people sit
right behind me you would have heard
nothing but then I'm talking and then a
couple of us lots of hits came in all
that good stuff
yeah it was quite crowded up there today
even though it looks all plotted over
and stuff I'll give you some powder
yes we are
yeah Brooklyn is my only anatomically
correct baby you don't want the video
get swag yeah
this cutest little rubber ever
d bye whoop we left a string right on
your face big boy this belonged to my
granddaughter Riley
poor spirit when she's so tired
she's tired girl
a big day
what don't you care about your hair bows
she's gonna light out here I take that a
nap and we're going to get busy and get
our evening chores done the dogs has got
paper and stuff everywhere
her outside with the kids they've been
in the house all day about ourselves so
that just have big Oh Tong there's my
girl there's my girl what
I have to do something with that hair
you would go there she is guys there's
miss berkeley hi hi everybody and she's
going to take her bottle we have reduced
fall already oh that's what that girl
needed yes it was about that anyway come
on give her her bottle and we're going
to do our afternoon chores and leg meets
Brooklyn down for a nap and work on that
fix dinner and do some more rooting on
my Miss Liberty I'll show y'all what
I've got done so far later I'm not real
far on her yet so yeah that was me
sprinkling today and we're going to go
for now so thanks for watching bye